Implement EDNS cookies in the auth (#10289)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/settings.rst

Seconds to cache domain metadata from the database. A value of 0
disables caching.

.. _setting-edns-cookie-secret:

``edns-cookie-secret``
--------------------------

.. versionadded:: 4.6.0

-  String
-  Default: (empty)

When set, PowerDNS will respond with :rfc:`9018` EDNS Cookies to queries that have the EDNS0 Cookie option.

> PowerDNS will also respond with BADCOOKIE to clients that have no or a bad server cookie (section 5.2.3 and 5.2.4 of :rfc:`<7873>`).

Reviewer: FWIW, Knot DNS uses BADCOOKIE; BIND evidently just accepts the query.

> PowerDNS will also respond with BADCOOKIE to clients that have no or a bad server cookie (section 5.2.3 and 5.2.4 of :rfc:`<7873>`).

Reviewer 2: New cookie sounds good to me.

Seconds to cache zone metadata from the database. A value of 0
disables caching.

.. _setting-edns-cookie-secret:

``edns-cookie-secret``
--------------------------

.. versionadded:: 4.6.0

-  String
-  Default: (empty)

When set, PowerDNS will respond with :rfc:`9018` EDNS Cookies to queries that have the EDNS0 Cookie option.

> PowerDNS will also respond with BADCOOKIE to clients that have no or a bad server cookie (section 5.2.3 and 5.2.4 of :rfc:`7873`).

Reviewer 3: Perhaps:
```suggestion
PowerDNS will also respond with BADCOOKIE to clients that have sent only a client cookie, or a bad server cookie (section 5.2.3 and 5.2.4 of :rfc:`7873`).
```
